Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using our Services.
In this Privacy Policy the following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them:
 
Services means any products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by us.
Platform means the websites, mobile apps, mobile sites or other online properties through which we offer our Services.
By using TUW Services and related Services, you give explicit consent to TUW Services for the collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information by us, as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
TUW Services may change this Privacy Policy from time to time as described below. We advise you to read it regularly to check for changes. Any amended Privacy Policy will be effective immediately after it is posted on our Website. 
 
1. What data do we collect about you?
 
Registration and other account information: When you register to use our Services, we may collect the following information about you depending on how you register on our Platform that can include mobile number and name amongst other basic info. 
 
Data we collect automatically when you use of our Services: When you interact with our Platform or use our Services, we automatically collect various information that includes but is not limited to device information, location information, log data, click stream data, cookies and similar technologies. 
 
Data from third parties or publicly available sources: We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources.
 
 
2. Why do we process your personal information?
We use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly but not limited to, we will use the data where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, to improve, personalize and deliver our current and upcoming Services and Platform, to do our best to catch scam and fraud, to introduce Services and Platform features, to better serve you via help tools, and  to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation with authorities as need be. 
 
3. How will we inform you about changes in our Privacy Policy?
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post changes on this page for any change we do. If you or your guardian (as the case may be) do not agree with the changes, please stop using the Services and Platform.
 
4. Your rights
You may have certain legal rights regarding your personal data depending on the country you are in or how we interact with you. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive or for any other reason. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within three months. Occasionally it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. 
 
5. Communication and marketing
We will communicate with you by email, SMS or in app notification in connection with our Services/Platform to confirm your registration, to inform you in case your listing has become live/expired and for other transactional messages in relation to our Services. As it is imperative for us to provide you such transactional messages you may not be able to opt-out of such messages. When you register on TUW Services (www.TUW.om) or on one of its affiliated platforms or one of its affiliates, or you provide your data when registering for any of the services offered on the TUW Services (www.tuw.om) or one of its affiliated platforms or one of its affiliates, you agree to receive marketing communications which might include calls, messages or otherwise.
 
6. Who do we share your data with?
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out above. We use third party service providers to help us deliver certain aspect of our Services for example, cloud storage facilities such as Amazon Web Services or others. Service providers may be located inside or outside of the country you are currently in.
Unless explicitly provided otherwise in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy applies only to the use and transfer of information we collect from you. TUW Services has no control over the privacy policies of third parties that may apply to you. We therefore encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
In order to improve our Services, we will sometimes share your non-identifiable information with analytics providers that help us analyse how people are using our Platform/Service. We share your information with them in non-identifiable form for monitoring and reporting the effectiveness of the campaign delivery to our business partners and for internal business analysis. 
We may disclose your personal data to law enforcement authorities, regulators, governmental or public bodies and other relevant third parties to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.
We may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
When you post an item for sale using our Services, you may choose to make certain personal information visible to other TUW Services users. This may include (but not limited to) your name,  your email address, your location, your contact number, and your picture. Please note, any information you provide to other users can always be shared by them with others so please exercise discretion in this respect.
 
7. International transfers
You agree that we may transfer your personal data to third parties inside and outside of your country.  So while we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
 
8. Where do we store your data and for how long?
The data we collect about you may be stored and processed inside as well as outside your country in secure servers in order to provide the best possible user experience for the Service and/or Platform, current or upcoming. For example – for fast website or mobile application build up.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
 
9. Technical and organizational measures and processing security
All the information we receive about you are stored on secure servers and we have basic measures that are suitable to protect your personal data. TUW Services continually evaluates the security of its network and adequacy of its internal information security program which is designed to (a) help secure your data against accidental or unlawful loss, access or disclosure, (b) identify reasonably foreseeable risks to the security of the TUW Services network, and (c) minimize security risks, including through risk assessment and regular testing. In addition, we ensure that all payment data are encrypted using SSL technology.
Please note, despite the measures we have implemented to protect your data, the transfer of data through the Internet or other open networks is never completely secure and there is a risk that your personal data may be accessed by unauthorized third parties.
 
10. Contact
For any additional information or to exercise your rights, please contact our team at info@tuw.om, or go to the Help section on our Platforms.
 
11. Changes to this Policy
We may update, upgrade, modify (partially and/or fully) this Privacy Policy from time to time to keep it up to date with legal requirements and the way we operate our business(es). Please regularly check this page for the latest version of the Privacy Policy. 
Your continued use of our Services following an amendment indicates your or your guardian's acceptance (as the case may be) of any changes.
 
12. Acceptance of this Policy
You acknowledge you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Platforms and Services you agree to be bound by this Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy and our other Policies, you are not authorized to access or use the Platform(s) and Service(s). 


